---
layout: post
title:  "Week 6"
date:   2017-05-01 18:00:00-0500
categories: class
---

## Journal Prompts

Please put these at the *top of your journal doc*. Please don't create a new document.

- How did class go today?
- How does playtesting make you better at constructing?
- What is the most interesting class you've taken at U of C?

## Week 6 groups

[Listed here](https://transmedia-puzzles.github.io/class/2017/05/01/6.html) and here:

* Group 1: Katherine Wheeler, Katie Zellner, Cesar Dimas, Daniel Ruttenberg
* Group 2: Liam Philiben, Benjamin Oye, Morgan Pantuck
* Group 3: Jeff Weis, Hani Pajela, Molly O'Donnell
* Group 4: Jesse Martinez, India Weston, Xander Beberman
* Group 5: John Churay, Daniel Cohen, Katriona Guthrie-Honea, Corey Levinson
* Group 6: Daniel Lipson, Marcelo Castillo, Hannah Saftler

## Homework

1. Create a Google Drive Folder.
2. Name it with names of your team members and week, e.g. `Wynken, Blynken and Nod [Week 6]`
3. Put _all_ your homework in there, each in a different doc/file.
4. Share it with `sandor@mysteryleague.com`.

 **Bold** indicates which things have a component that needs to be submitted.

### Do, individually

* Post in your journals. (See above.)

### Do, in week 5 groups

1. Post your playtest notes. **Submit Google doc.**
2. Refine your week 5 House puzzles based on feedback. **Submit revised Google doc.**

### Solve, in week 6 groups

* [Semaphore Sailors](/pdf/Semaphore_Sailors.pdf). And [here are hints](http://mysteryleague.com/semaphore). **Just sumbit pic of meta.**

### Make, in week 6 groups

#### Summer trails puzzle

Have a look at [this doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15aJrlru2FeOnp16p2wSBuZbXgf5Zv8va046ngKO8HPY/edit?ts=590cd029&actionButton=1), which explains 6 trails that will start up sometime over the summer. The important thing to note is each trail is in the service of a SKILL, which will help the players play the game better during O-Week. The puzzles need to be in service of teaching this skill being taught.

And the puzzles need to be in-story. (Though also keep in mind that the story at this point will be only these separate trails. The players will not know about the larger narrative.) Meaning, the puzzles should be something the NPCs can see and be aware of; the puzzles don’t live in a meta-level apart from the story

The NPCs mentioned in the trail descriptions are not responsible for making the puzzles. Someone else is. (Spoiler: PS members.)

As far as puzzle structure, make it something with a lot of parts, but not necessarily distributed in the same way as your last puzzle. Meaning, the puzzle shouldn't require the collection of lots of bits of data, which maybe is released over time. Be creative here. And/or the puzzle thread could be made up of lots of smaller puzzles, which result in delivery of object at the very end. (Through the mail.)

Peter expects around 50 people to participate in a given trail, but I wouldn't expect all of them to be interested in playing the puzzle part.

**For Week 7, bring some part of it to playtest.**

Choose a trail and let Sandy know. Running list of trail assignments [is here](https://airtable.com/shrSNonBSrogTBh4T/tblz3E3UafUGO9Fn9). Then, by Monday, let Sandy know how much time and how many people you need for a playtest.
