---
layout: post
title:  "Week 5"
date:   2017-04-24 18:00:00-0500
categories: class
---

## Links from class

- [Qat](https://www.quinapalus.com/cgi-bin/qat)
- [Laura E. Hall](http://www.lauraehall.com/)

## Puzzles from class

(None)

## Journal Prompts

Please put these at the *top of your journal doc*. Please don't create a new document.

- How did class go today?
- Is there any kind of puzzle we haven’t covered that you’d like me to cover? 
- What’s a website you visit or app you use that I’ve probably never been to?

## Homework

1. Create a Google Drive Folder.
2. Name it with names of your team members and week, e.g. `Wynken, Blynken and Nod [Week 5]`
3. Put _all_ your homework in there, each in a different doc/file.
4. Share it with `sandor@mysteryleague.com`.

 **Bold** indicates which things have a component that needs to be submitted.

### Do, individually

* Post in your journals. (See above.)

### Do, in week 4 groups

1. Post your playtest notes. **Submit Google doc.**
2. Refine your week 4 Distributed puzzles based on feedback. **Submit Google doc.**

### Solve, in week 4 groups

* [Adventures in Puzzling Chapter 2](/pdf/AiP-ch2.pdf). **Just sumbit pic of meta.**

### Make, in week 5 groups

#### Design a house-centric puzzle

Design a puzzle that residentsn of a house (or set of houses) can do together. This should be something mostly physical, in that they would have reason to get together in their lounges and work on it together. Requirements:

- **Be crafty.** Use paper, construction, legos, 3d printing, wood carving, etc. You may even assume we have a budget for swag, like custom business cards, desk caleandrs, pencils, wristbands, plush toys with logos printed on them, etc.
- It should take **about an hour** to solve.
- The **puzzle solution** should be a code word (at the very least). It could also be a phone number. (We can easily program a phone number with a custom voicemail message or even a text message bot.) If you want, it can be a code word *and* a location on campus.
- For next week, **write up a 1-page description and dependency chart** of how the puzzle will work. You can draw a boxes-and-arrow chart in any drawing program, but I've found Google Drawings to work well.
- Plan on bringing part of the puzzle (not the whole thing) to test in class. You should bring at least one sample of the physical thing you plan to make. Or you can bring lots!
