---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4"
date:   2017-04-17 18:00:00-0500
categories: class
---

## Links from class

- [Eleanor Hyde interview](http://biggameswithace.blogspot.com/2014/11/interview-after-death-card-with-eleanor.html?m=1)
- [Rabbit Hole](https://www.facebook.com/downtherabbit/?ref=br_rs), Eleanor's company

## Puzzles from class

(None)

## Journal Prompts

Please put these at the *top of your journal doc*. Please don't create a new document.

- How did class go today?
- What’s one aspect of life on campus that you wish someone explained to you - during O-Week? 
- What’s one of your favorite books?

## Homework

1. Create a Google Drive Folder.
2. Name it with names of your team members and week, e.g. `Wynken, Blynken and Nod [Week 4]`
3. Put _all_ your homework in there, each in a different doc/file.
4. Share it with `sandor@mysteryleague.com`.

 **Bold** indicates which things have a component that needs to be submitted.

### Consume

* [Scott Kim’s TED talk](https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles)

### Do, individually

* Post in your journals. (See above.)

### Do, in week 3/4 groups

1. Post your Human puzzle playtest notes. **Submit Google doc.**
2. Refine your week 3 Human puzzles based on feedback. **Submit Google doc.**
3. Add *variations* to the human puzzle. How would you enact it three more times, with slight variations so the same people don't immediately know the answer? **Add to same doc as step 2.**
4. Refine your week 3 item ideas based on feedback (once you get it). **Submit Google doc.**

### Playtest, in week 3/4 groups

* [Puzzled Pint: The Prisoner](https://airtable.com/shrQfPcz1HZJSH4BN). **Submit the form for each puzzle.**

### Make, in week 3/4 groups

**Make a distributed puzzle thread.** One that will allow dozens or even hundreds of players to particpate, mostly via data collection. Your puzzle:

1. … should start via one of the following (see below for explaation):
 - a postscript on the dean's letter to students/parents
 - a postscript on one of of the emails to students. (There are 3: about housing, classes, and O-Week.)
 - an embedded message in an ARG-run tumblr
 - an embedded message in an ARG-run YouTube channel
 - an embedded message in an ARG-run twitter account
 - an embedded message in an ARG-run Snapchat
 - an embedded message in any other ARG-run social media
2. … should _either_ require digital interaction _or_ people hunting in meatspace (or both, if you're so bold). See below for more on this distinction.
3. … should have at least three steps.
 - Step 1 is the embedded message.
 - Step 2 is the distributed part.
 - Step 3 is unlocked via the solution to step 2, and doesn't need more than a few people to solve, unless you want to make it bigger.
4. … should result in an object being **mailed to a player or players**. These objects will be brough to campus for O-Week and turned into the first activation ritual. Feel free to send multiple "copies" of an object to multiple people, for redundancy's sake. (So, like, you could send out 5 comic books, but only one of them is required for activation.) It's up to you to design an experience that sensibly leads to a object being mailed. How would that work?

**ASAP**, get back to me with your choice for step #1. I only want one team to claim each option, so first come, first served.

**By Thursday**, get back to me with your choice for step #2. (Friday is ok, if Thursday is too soon.)

**By Monday**, come to class with some part of it that can be playtested. If your idea relies on a theoretical computer program that someone else would make, then be prepared to fake it by having team members play the role of the computer program.

--

#### First step

The first step should be subtle but noticeable by eagle-eyed nerds. The idea is that a few people notice, then take to FB to tell everyone else to notice.

#### Online, metadata-based puzzle

This would likely take the form of a website that changes based on who is accessing it. Or a webform that spits out different information based on what data is being submitted. Or a text messaging robot that answers text messages based on what area code is texting it. Or or or …

I have no idea what kind of data is possible to access about each student, so either ask me, or just assume what you want. For example, I believe it wouldn't be hard to build a website app that's locked behind a CNET login that can access a student's

* CNET ID
* Name
* Birthday
* Hometown
* ZIP code
* High School name
* Phone number

So, for example, you could lead the incoming student to a URL, which they log into, and then what they see is a picture of the NYTimes from the day they were born. Possible? Probably! Up to you to figure out how to make a puzzle out of it.

[Here's a long list](https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis) I found of Public APIs, i.e. programs we can use to get custom data based on any kind of input. Get creative!

#### Meatspace puzzle

The idea here is to put stuff in the world and force players — or their friends — to go find it. Think: Starbucks poster puzzle I built for the CAH ARG. We could do this by enlisting _our_ friends to set it up, or work off what's already in the world. Alternatively, you could use an app like [Vamonde](http://vamonde.com), which can lock content behind a GPS trigger. That is, one has to be in a physical location (within 25 feet, I think) in order to see it. You don't need to build the Vamonde story for this homework, but you do need to spec it out if that's what you choose. Some other things you could use (a very abridged list):

- Vamonde via GPS
- Libraries
- Starbucks
- Highway stops
