---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8"
date:   2017-05-15 18:00:00-0500
categories: class
---

## Week 8 groups

Group 6: Jesse Martinez, Daniel Lipson, Cesar Dimas
Group 5: Katie Zellner, Liam Philiben, Jeff Weis
Group 4: Katriona Guthrie-Honea, Marcelo Castillo, Katherine Wheeler
Group 3: Benjamin Oye, Hani Pajela, Daniel Cohen
Group 2: Xander Beberman, Corey Levinson, Hannah Saftler, India Weston
Group 1: Daniel Ruttenberg, Morgan Pantuck, Molly O'Donnell, John Churay

## Homework

### Final project: in week 8 groups

1. Create a Google Drive Folder.
2. Name it with names of your team members and week, e.g. `Wynken, Blynken and Nod [Week 8]`
3. Put _all_ your homework in there, each in a different doc/file.
4. Share it with `sandor@mysteryleague.com`.

Build a puzzle for the pre-O-Week "class" on game design. This puzzle can take any of the forms of the previous puzzles, or it can make use of the MMO game that John described in class. This puzzle should make use of everyone in class, which could be as many as 50. 

We brainstormed some ideas in class. You may use any of them or none of them. [Here is a picture of the whiteboard with our notes](https://files.slack.com/files-pri/T4NKT7NQ2-F5D6ZLM24/image_uploaded_from_ios.jpg). 

The puzzle trail should end in an object within the game. That could mean that a puzzle unlocks a virtual chest, inside of which is an object. Or it could mean something else. It's up to you.

For Monday, bring some element of it to test. You are not expected to program a game; instead, just fake what you need to. If it is not possible to test your puzzle outside the context of a working video game, then be prepared to present your idea to class, with some visual sketches, if possible. You can send me PDFs or a Preview slideshow beforehand and I can load it on my laptop.

If you have questions, please get in touch, and do it ASAP! I am available to talk most days and evenings. This is your final project, and after Monday, you will be expected to improve it and write it up and submit the final version digitally.
